README.md, before:

# Village Sandbox

# Table of Contents
Feel free to use this to jump around this ReadMe

[Description](#Description)

[Assets](#Assets)

[Code](#Code)

[Usage](#Usage)

[Projectiles](#Projectiles)

[Village](#Village)

[Controls](#Controls)

[Future Improvements](#Future-Improvements)

[Problems and Solutions](#Problems-and-Solutions)

[Authors and Acknowledgements](#Authors-and-Acknowledgements)

# Description

Village Sandox is a game that allows the player to destroy a village by throwing different projectiles, like boulders and bombs, at the environment. You can pick between four different projectiles and watch how each affects the playspace. 

The scene isn't a one and done. Players can reset the scene as many times as they'd like. They can also see the vegitation change after each reset.

# Assets

Feel free to look at all of the assets [here](https://github.com/FancyGoose08/Village-Sandbox/tree/main/Assets)

# Code

Feel free to look at all of the code [here](https://github.com/FancyGoose08/Village-Sandbox/tree/main/Assets/Scripts)

# Usage

[Click here to play the game!](https://fancygoose08.github.io/WebGL-Build)

# Projectiles

# Village

# Controls

# Future Improvements

It is obvious that there are improvements that could be made to make this game look better, feel better, and play better. 

For the projectiles, I would have liked to add a proper explosive feature for the bomb so after a time period, the area around it get affected as well like a proper bomb. I would have liked to add more projectiles too like a human, a car, or even just have a constant laser that cuts through the environment.

I would like to also add another scene so it isn't just the one simple village. The building could be broken in a cooler, more realistic way rather than have panels that fall apart. Particles would be cool too like dust trails coming off the ground. Mostly polishing stuff to make it look good. 

The last thing that I'd like to add are some NPCs to make the scene more lively. When hit with a projectile, they ragdoll. That looks like a fun mechanic to have.

# Problems

While trying to implement the NPCs, I couldn't figure out how to make them rigid so they can be animated into ragdoll. Freezing the rigidbodys on the joints didn't work and removing the rigidbody on the main model also didn't work so I decided to not impliment it in this build.

Implementing the bomb was mostly a time constraint thing. It is simple to figure out but I didn't have the time I wanted to implement it. 

# Authors and acknowledgements
- All of the models and textures were borrowed from the Unity Asset store. I wish I had saved all of the creaters of the models, but I lost them,
- All of the sound effects, minus the music, was borrowed from [Zapsplat.com](https://www.zapsplat.com),
- I wish I had found music from a real artist, but the music was generated from [Suno](suno.com),
- and finally, Gustavo Aguiar (me) for the code and design of the game

Commit message:

Update README.md controls tab

README.md, after:

# Village Sandbox

# Table of Contents
Feel free to use this to jump around this ReadMe

[Description](#Description)

[Assets](#Assets)

[Code](#Code)

[Usage](#Usage)

[Projectiles](#Projectiles)

[Village](#Village)

[Controls](#Controls)

[Future Improvements](#Future-Improvements)

[Problems and Solutions](#Problems-and-Solutions)

[Authors and Acknowledgements](#Authors-and-Acknowledgements)

# Description

Village Sandox is a game that allows the player to destroy a village by throwing different projectiles, like boulders and bombs, at the environment. You can pick between four different projectiles and watch how each affects the playspace. 

The scene isn't a one and done. Players can reset the scene as many times as they'd like. They can also see the vegitation change after each reset.

# Assets

Feel free to look at all of the assets [here](https://github.com/FancyGoose08/Village-Sandbox/tree/main/Assets)

# Code

Feel free to look at all of the code [here](https://github.com/FancyGoose08/Village-Sandbox/tree/main/Assets/Scripts)

# Usage

[Click here to play the game!](https://fancygoose08.github.io/WebGL-Build)

# Projectiles

# Village

# Controls

[1] - Boulder

[2] - Trident

[3] - Tomato

[4] - Bomb

Reset the scene with [R]

Open and close the controls menu with [Esc]

# Future Improvements

It is obvious that there are improvements that could be made to make this game look better, feel better, and play better. 

For the projectiles, I would have liked to add a proper explosive feature for the bomb so after a time period, the area around it get affected as well like a proper bomb. I would have liked to add more projectiles too like a human, a car, or even just have a constant laser that cuts through the environment.

I would like to also add another scene so it isn't just the one simple village. The building could be broken in a cooler, more realistic way rather than have panels that fall apart. Particles would be cool too like dust trails coming off the ground. Mostly polishing stuff to make it look good. 

The last thing that I'd like to add are some NPCs to make the scene more lively. When hit with a projectile, they ragdoll. That looks like a fun mechanic to have.

# Problems

While trying to implement the NPCs, I couldn't figure out how to make them rigid so they can be animated into ragdoll. Freezing the rigidbodys on the joints didn't work and removing the rigidbody on the main model also didn't work so I decided to not impliment it in this build.

Implementing the bomb was mostly a time constraint thing. It is simple to figure out but I didn't have the time I wanted to implement it. 

# Authors and acknowledgements
- All of the models and textures were borrowed from the Unity Asset store. I wish I had saved all of the creaters of the models, but I lost them,
- All of the sound effects, minus the music, was borrowed from [Zapsplat.com](https://www.zapsplat.com),
- I wish I had found music from a real artist, but the music was generated from [Suno](suno.com),
- and finally, Gustavo Aguiar (me) for the code and design of the game
